system flow for decentralized digital media rights platform
follows SSI model, W3C VC and DID core standards

definitions

SSI
	self-sovereign identity.
DID
	decentralized identifier document.
VC
	verified credential.

components

user
	represents a consumer. a user uses the demo app. 
demo app
	contains representations of digital media stores, digital media players, and a wallet owned by the user. note these would be separate applications in the
	real world, but here they are all contained within the demo application.
issuers
	represents digital media stores where users can purchase rights to digital media.
verifiers
	represents digital media players where a user can view the content. note that a platofrm could be an issuer and a verifier (e.g. Amazon).
wallet
	contains credentials.
registry contract
	maps ethereum addresses to DID document. part of ethereum chain.
credential registry contract
	maintains record of issued credentials, allowing revocation of rights. part of ethereum chain.
IPFS
	holds full DID documents and dummy media items.

system flow

0. trusted issuer registration
	trusted issuers have a DID. the full DID document with public key is stored in IPFS. a call to the registry contract maps the trusted issuer 
	ethereum address to an IPFS DID reference. note this is a separate mapping of trusted issuer ethereum address -> IPFS DID reference.
	only the original contract owner can add trusted issuers.
1. DID creation
	user creates a DID and keypair in the wallet. the wallet stores the DID and private key.
2. DID storage
	the user DID document is also stored in IPFS containing the associated public key.
3. on-chain registration
	user calls a function on registry contract (on-chain) to map their ethereum address to IPFS reference of DID document, similar to issuers, but this 
	is a separate mapping of user ethereum address -> IPFS DID reference.
4. VC generation
	when a media item is purchased, the issuer creates a VC. the VC is a JSON object containing the user's DID id, the users ethereum address, the issuers 
	ethereum address, and the unique ID of the digital media item. the issuer signs the VC. this is done off-chain.
5. VC storage
	the user stores the signed VC in their wallet. sent from the issuer off-chain.
6. on-chain entry
	issuer calls a function on credential registry contract to store a mapping of hash of the VC -> status. this publicly acknowledges the purchase. the 
	contract queries the registry contract to verify the caller is a trusted issuer.
7. VC presentation
	when a media item is selected to be played, the user presents the VC to the verifier.
8. proof of possession
	the verifier ensures that the user is actually the owner of the DID within the VC. the verifier queries the registry contract on-chain to map the users
	ethereum address in the VC to an IPFS DID reference. the verifier retrieves the public key from the full DID document. the verifier has the user sign 
	a random number and uses the public key to verify the signature.
9. verification of issuer
	the verifier calls a function on the DID registry contract with the issuer ethereum address contained in the VC to retrieve the IPFS reference to the 
	issuer full DID. the verifier uses the public key retrieved to verify the signature on the VC.
10. media rights status check
	the verifier computes the hash of the VC and calls a function on the credential registry contract to verify rights have not been revoked.
11. media retrieval
	the verifier requests the specified media from IPFS and serves it to the user. TODO: IPFS data is public, how do we make sure only the athenticated
	user can access it? (might have to encrypt it somehow)

